Documentation for running with MPI (#493)
nextsimhub/nextsimdg: docs/getting_started.rst

The model will produce an output file named ``output.nc``, which contains the result of applying the model physics to the initial state over the specified number of time steps.

Running with MPI
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To run the model with MPI you have to have it built with MPI or use the `*_MPI` Dockerfile. In addition, you will need a partition NetCDF file as created by the `Domain Decomposition tool <https://github.com/nextsimhub/domain_decomp>`_. This partition file has to either added to the config file by adding the line `partition_file = partition.nc` or handed as parameter to the nextsim call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the model with MPI you have to have it built with MPI or use one of the `*_MPI` Dockerfiles. In addition, you will need a partition NetCDF file as created by the `Domain Decomposition tool <https://github.com/nextsimhub/domain_decomp>`_. This partition file has to either be added to the config file (`*.cfg`) by adding the line `partition_file = partition.nc` or provided as an argument to `nextsim`.
```
